Step Up 2 : The Streets (2008) - Jon M. Chu

Accuracy of the classifier: 0.735

Top 15 most informative words:
1. outstanding
2. insulting
3. vulnerable
4. ludicrous
5. uninvolving
6. avoids
7. astounding
8. fascination
9. darker
10. seagal
11. symbol
12. affecting
13. anna
14. animators
15. idiotic

Movie review predictions:

Review: As with the last user who commented, the reason for this score was purely the dancing. Now, to be fair, the acting abilities of the two main characters was average...even above average at times...though not stellar. However, their dancing was freaking SICK. I have seen a lot, and some of this freestyle was off the charts incredible. The only reason that I went to see this movie, in fact. Briana Evigan Andie is an amazingly talented dancer. Her acting was actually not that bad, I was pleased. Robert Hoffman (Chase) was the typical charming, blond-haired and privileged pretty-boy...with an edge. His dancing was phenomenal, they were both exciting to watch. Their chemistry together was enough to make it hard to tear my eyes from the screen. If the trailers entertain you, and you are a fan of dance see this movie. Though the plot is weak, and the dialogue laughable, the dancing is enough to make spending your $8 on the ticket more than worth it.
Predicted sentiment: Positive
Probability: 0.98

Review: I actually thought that the movie was pretty good. It is not as bad as the reviews that it is getting, just do not go in expecting to get an Oscar performance. The storyline was a little all over the place. Typical teen dance movie. BUT the dancing is amazing could not keep my eyes off the screen. Robert Hoffman did a decent job, he really lays the charm in throughout the whole movie. The dance scenes make the entire movie. Ethnically, it is such a diverse cast of people, there is someone for everyone to identify with. The soundtrack is insanely good also. By the end of it you will be quoting lines and wanting to dance for sure.
Predicted sentiment: Positive
Probability: 0.91

Review: Alright, it does not have what it takes to get the Oscar.... BUT I personally liked the dancing scenes, actually I was amazed by them ...! In my opinion the movie deserves the 8 points, after I read how hard was the shoot of the last dance .. in the rain... and after I saw the movie and the great dances I think this movie deserves a High opinion...
Predicted sentiment: Positive
Probability: 0.94
